=head1 FTN-Database To Do


=head2 General

Move code repository information and the distribution archive information
from the README file to elsewhere.  POD in main module?  website and/or wiki?

The use of special characters like periods in table names is a more general
issue where it is not a good idea to use them at all.  Redo the comments in
scripts and modules regarding that, to generalize it.  (Derive function to
validate it and add th at to the FTN::Database module?)

Investigate the usage of SQL::Statement. Possibly at least use it for testing?

Once the non database table related code in FTN::Database::Nodelist and
ftndb-admin is properly separated out, make ftn-database and ftndb into being
separate distributions. 


=head2 FTN::Database

Move the code in FTN::Database to FTNDB::Admin? Retain the FTN::Database 
namespace itself for information about the module. And basic definitions
of an FTN database?


=head2 FTN::Database::Nodelist

Need to update the definition of the timestamp field, and/or what the default 
for it is.  Currently "now" is the default, but that results in the word 'now'
being inserted into the field instead of a date/time timestamp (at least, in
a PostgreSQL database).  Check how the various databases handle timestamp fields
again.


=head2 FTN:Database::Echolist

Create an FTN Database module for echolists which: Defines an Echolist table,
default name "Echolist"?  Basic table would consist of (at least) the following
fields:  name, description, source.


=head1 SEE ALSO

 L<ftndb>, L<ftndbadm>, L<ftndb-admim>, L<ftndb-nodelist>, L<FTNDB>,
 L<FTNDB::Command::create>, L<FTNDB::Command::drop>, L<FTN::Database>,
 L<FTN::Database::Nodelist>


=head1 AUTHOR

Robert James Clay, C<< <jame at rocasa.us> >>

=head1 COPYRIGHT & LICENSE

Copyright 2012 Robert James Clay, all rights reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut




